1) Write a python function that takes in a number and
    returns the first 5 multiples of that number?
    (e.g. 2 returns 2, 4, 6, 8, 10)

2) What ar, e the 8 Ivy League schools?
    Brown University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Harvard University, the University of Pennsylvania, Princeton University, and Yale University
3) What is he largest state in the US by land area?
    Alaska
4) Write a python that takes in an array of numbers, and loops through
    and print out each one.
    (e.g. [1, 2, 3] returns 1 2 3)
    (hint: use 'for' loop and the length method of arrays)

5) What does Huawei make and where is it based?
    building telecommunications networks, providing operational and consulting services and equipment to enterprises inside and outside of China
6) Few amino acids have sulfur in it. What are they?
    Methionine, cysteine, homocysteine, and taurine
7) What is a polyatomic ion?
    a charged chemical species composed of two or more atoms covalently bonded or of a metal complex that can be considered to be acting as a single unit
8) What is pH? What does each end mean?
    a scale that is used to rank the relative basicity or acidity of substances to other substances, based on the amount of hydrogen ion activity in a substance
9) When is Gina's birthday?
    March 19, 2002
10) What city is dad from in England?
    London
11) List the EM spectrum from longest wavelength to shortest.
    (remember the pseudonym?)
    radiowaves, microwaves, infrared, visble, ultraviolet, x-rays, gamma
12) What is Ohm's law?
    DescriptionOhm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the voltage across the two points
13) Who is Faker, where is he from, and who does he play for?
    Lee Sang-hyeok, South Korean, SK Telecom
14) What is the saying to remember Trig functions?
    soh cah toa
15) Write a python function that takes in the side length of a cube
    and returns its surface area.  
    